Assignment: Deployment of a web application to the cloud with modules

publicly and privately deployed on two tenants.

Task Description
IWB is a Lesotho company that operates under the supervision of Co-Founder Kenneth.
The company started in 2024 with a Capital of M100000. During his journey on sourcing
funds, Kenneth partnered with Shadrack, who joined as a second CEO of the company.
The mandate of IWB is to recycle computer parts; mainly the RAM, Hard Drives and
Components of a motherboard. In 2025, the company penetrated the market and
became one of the pioneers of electronic recycling in the Southern Region of Africa
despite the ever-increasing expenditure from salaries, transportation and
advertisements. The growth of IWB attracted investors, partners and clients outside of
Lesotho. As a Solutions Architect, you are tasked with the implementation of a web
application deployed on MS Azure, AWS or Google Cloud.

Group
Assignment
20%

The solution must meet the following specifications:
 All services and products sold must be recorded on a database and backed up on
a platform of your choice. Ensure that the services and products are well-
grouped to avoid mixed records.
 Project IWB’s performance through a monthly income statement.
 The sales must only be accessed by a maximum of three (3) IWB sales personnel
with read/write permissions.
 The income must only be accessed by a maximum of three (3) IWB finance
personnel with read/write permissions.
 The maximum of three (3) developers must have access to application files with
full permissions – read and write.
 The investors must have access to the income statements with read permissions.
 The platform must allow clients to log queries through a form that captures –
their names, email addresses, and message. Such information must be logged to
the system and be accessed by all sales personnel, and backed up to a platform
of your choice. Again, based on the history of previously logged and addressed
queries, the system must automatically reply to the clients/customers through
words similarity without the sales personnel intervention. All queries must be
labelled with pending or complete, depending on whether they have been
addressed or not. The automatically addressed queries must be automatically
labelled.
 The primary partner of IWB, IWC should have access to the entire solution from
the comfort of their cloud environment, except clients’ queries and webpages.
 ALL user accounts accessing queries, sales records, webpages, and income
statements must be multi-factored.